maxx story here i will summarize the storyline of
the movie called the battery which
was released in 2012. enjoy watching
the film begins when the zombie virus
has infected all humans on earth
and leaving only a few humans
left including mickey and ben
mickey is a man who loves cleanliness and is
very perfectionist but has a mental like a
peanut and a lust like a mountain until now
mickey has never been kills a single zombie
[ __ ] right here he ate your mom you're a fader
well ben is a dirty man who rarely bathes but
is very brave and has a very high survivor
where he was the one who has kept mickey
alive and is able to live such beautiful days
in short story those who are required to survive
they must raided house to house to get
leftovers and had to move locations
so that the zombies wouldn't find them until one
day they found a car in which there was a zombie
without a doubt ben killed the zombie
after checking the condition of the car
it turned out that it was still running
then ben and mickey immediately continued their
aimless journey and went back to breaking into
house to house to use items including the panties
that could be used by mickey for his masculinity
rituals in short story they took a short break and
they tried the handy taki they got unexpectedly
they entered someone else's radio channel which
indicated there was still another life out there
then mickey tried to offer to join them but they
refused and told them not to call the
channel again annie frank the orchard
and mickey didn't accept it a bit and still kept
the image of annie's voice in his mind yes the
woman on the handy taki even though it was just a
voice but it was very pleasant in mickey's heart
then seen moved to mickey who was
sleeping and the bend was bathing
under a waterfall in a state without clothes
then came a sexy zombie who
approached mickey's car and
stuck his mountain of pleasure on the glass of car
mickey who's sleeping suddenly surprised and
panicked because of the arrival of zombies
he intended to call ben but was canceled because
he saw a rare moment where there was a sexy zombie
in front of him suddenly mickey stretched out
his [ __ ] and crushed him with rough hands
but the fun was only temporary because
ben came and shot a zombie right in the
head which made mickey pissed so ben laughed out
lou seeing his friend who was lusting to zombie
in short story in the middle
of the trip they found a car
in the middle of the road and took the
initiative to take the remnants of fuel
that would be used as supplies for the car by
the way the car stopped because ran out of fuel
suddenly mickey was in a state of hostage by
a man named jerry then jerry has a request to
exchange a car for mickey's life if you don't put
down that gun and give me the keys to that car
but ben is too smart to trick jerry and
ben killing jerry quickly not long after
that another car came to them where they were
looking for the car that brought by jerry oh are
we that's our car right there we come to get it
and be on our way in fact any of them is any the
girl who is always in the shadows is mickey mickey
suddenly mentions annie's name wait a minute annie
any surprise then for no apparent reason
shoots the legs ben it's me mickey
what are you doing after that annie
immediately leave mickey and ben
and also she didn't forget to throw away
their car key so they couldn't follow her
i already shot you once beardy face i will do it
again i can't have you following us wear your keys
after they were left then mickey looked for the
key that had been thrown but the key was not found
they were forced to continue the search the next
day the day turned into night everything went dark
the zombies knew their position they
couldn't go anywhere without a car key
the next day instead of disappearing the zombies
were getting more and more and surrounded them
mickey couldn't even continue the search for
their lost car key feel annoyed with zombies
look that always appeared in the car window mickey
decided to cover the car window with a blanket
you done can't look at their [ __ ] faces
anymore so that he could relax a bit now
day by day past the zombies don't go away
the food is running low they spend their time by
playing together keep silence and getting drunk
spend their rest by lives in the car and it seems
they have lost the rest of their spirit for life
because the zombies never leave their car
then because the zombies have gone mickey
also ventured to went out to get the keys and
because ben's legs still hurt from being shot
so ben didn't accompany mickey
and decided to stay in the car
after a while ben was anxious waiting
for mickey who never came back
then after minutes of anxiety and the zombies
had surrounded their car mickey finally came
back but unfortunately he came back in a
state his hand had been bitten by zombies
oh jesus
they were very panicked and the ben
immediately distanced themselves from
mickey and took a gun in his bag ben
was very panicked so he decided to
immediately shoot mickey's head which
instantly killed mickey on the spot
ben was very beaten to see his friend who is
now dead because if ben doesn't shoot mickey
he will become a zombie and then he will bite
him and ben will surely become a zombie too
then at the end of the film we see ben bravely
getting out of the car limping along followed
by a bunch of zombies walking behind him
and the movie ends thanks for watching